Update development docs for check/all script (#2013)
quantumlib/Cirq: docs/development.md

# Only run tests associated with files that have changed when diffed vs master (or a custom revision of your choice).
./check/pytest-changed-files [BASE_REVISION]

# Run the documentation tests.
./check/doctest

# Check the format of the filess.  Use --apply to apply the suggested format changes.
./check/format-incremental [--apply]

# Run all of the above tests. Which pytest is run is set by the --only-changed-files.
./check/all [BASE_REVISION] [--only-changed-files] [--apply-format-changes]
```

> The above scripts are convenient and reasonably fast, but they often won't exactly match the results computed by the continuous integration builds run on travis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above scripts are convenient and reasonably fast, but they often won't exactly match the results computed by the continuous integration builds run on T ravis.
```
nit

> The above scripts are convenient and reasonably fast, but they often won't exactly match the results computed by the continuous integration builds run on travis.

Reviewer: > they often won't exactly match the results computed by the continuous integration builds run on travis.

Sure, but `all` won't either since `all` is just running all the previous scripts so we don't have to run each one by one?

Reviewer: I know you didn't touch these, but would be good to fix here.

Author: Updated entire section.

For example, you may be running an older version of `pylint` or `numpy`.
In order to run a check that is significantly more likely to agree with the travis builds, you can use the [check/all](https://github.com/quantumlib/Cirq/blob/master/check/all) script:

```bash
./check/all
```

> This script will create (temporary) virtual environments, do a fresh install of all relevant dependencies and run all relevant checks within those clean environments.

Reviewer: > This script will create (temporary) virtual environments

Is this still true? I did a quick check of `all` and i don't see anything that may point to new envs being spun up.

Author: You are correct.  Updated.
